chore Update README for eyaml usage (#3263)
jenkins-infra/jenkins-infra: README.md

* Image versions are defined in the [hieradata/common.yaml](./hieradata/common.yaml) file by the `*:image_tag` variables.
  Services can be updated by submitting a pull request with the version update.

### Editing secrets

> All the secrets are encrypted within the repository using [eyaml](https://github.com/voxpupuli/hiera-eyaml). in order to edit them, you should use `bundle exec eyaml edit <filename>` like `bundle exec eyaml edit ./hieradata/common.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the secrets are encrypted within the repository using [eyaml](https://github.com/voxpupuli/hiera-eyaml). in order to view or edit them:
- Follow instructions in (private repository) https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins-keys
- Use the command `bundle exec eyaml edit <filename>` such as `bundle exec eyaml edit ./hieradata/common.yaml`
```
